{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deftab720{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss MS Sans Serif;}{\f1\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset1 Verdana;}{\f3\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fswiss Verdana;}}
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}
\deflang1033\pard\plain\f2\fs16 ABC-View Manager Readme Information
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b Version: 1.31
\par \plain\f2\fs16 Date: 21 Mar 2002
\par 
\par Thank you for evaluating this software! You may evaluate ABC-View Manager 20 individual days, excluding the days you already used up in previous versions.
\par 
\par ABC-View Manager is under constant development and we value all your feedback!
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b How to:
\par \pard\li200\fi-200{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent200{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs16 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}To add files, you can click on the checkmarks in front of a folder in the tree. If the folder is not expanded, all files (including the ones in subfolders) will be added. If the folder is expanded, just the contents of this one folder is added. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}See what is in a folder by selecting it. If the folder is not expanded, you will also see the contents of all subfolders.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}You can also look at the complete list of selected files by clicking on "All Items in Current Collection".
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}This list you can search and filter in any way. Rightclick your mouse on it and select one of the available filters.
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs16 
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b Checking for duplicates:
\par \pard\li200\fi-200{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent200{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs16 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Click on the little "find duplicates" icon.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Wait for the filter to do it's work. You can see the progress in the status bar. When reaching 100%, all files are checked for duplicates.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Beware! The list shown contains duplicates AND originals! ABC-View Manager obviously does not know which is which so displays both (or three or four, etc, if there are more than two).
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Right click in the resulting list and click "Select ->  Select Duplicates". This will insure that you leave at least one original. The file that is not selected is the first one encountered of each group of duplicates.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Example: you want to keep the oldest files as originals: first sort the list from old to new. Then, click "Select" -> "Select Duplicates". The newer dupes are selected. Click the "Delete" icon to start the deletion process.
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs16\b 
\par Changes since version 1.30:
\par \pard\li200\fi-200{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent200{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs16 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}You can now browse your folders, and select them into the database by clicking the checkbox in front
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Added Copy/Paste of files to and from shell, and added "Copy Image" to exchange bitmap info with image editors
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs16\b 
\par Changes since version 1.25:
\par \pard\li200\fi-200{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent200{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs16 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Bugfixes and enhancements for "Build-a-Web"
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Native support for Canon CRW raw format (including thumbnail and CIFF info)
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}EXIF, CIFF, IPTC and ID3 support through the "properties" dialog
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Properties dialog
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Scanning for files can be interrupted by user, and is faster
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Export as XML
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Slideshow!
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}More stability, faster selection
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Fixed the "unable to scroll-down" bug in thumbnail mode 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}The thumbnailing is improved. Other modes can now display mini thumbnails as well.
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Create thumbnail webpages: "Build-a-Web"
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Newest Exif Patch Lossless rotation
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Export to "Hunter Style" CSV files
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Thumbnail storage
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}"Email-a-Friend" is enhanced
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs16 
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b Note for previous BETA users:
\par \plain\f2\fs16 If you have already installed a version of "ABC-View Manager" then please uninstall this version   now, by going to Start | Settings | Control Panel | Add/Remove programs, and then selecting "ABC-View Manager" or "ABC-View File Manager".
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b Features present:
\par \pard\li200\fi-200{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent200{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs16 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Browse your folders, and select the ones you want to add to the database collection easily by checking them. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}View up to 1 Million items at once in a list. View them as list, small icons, large icons or thumbnails (resizable) in a modern browser. Memory management and components are all focused on performance. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Sort items on name, date, size, folder, series, rating, etc. The sorting algorithm is the fastest available (quicksort), and it uses fast binary compare methods. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Randomize items in the list (ultra-fast). This means that you can still use the normal "forward" and "backward" buttons in the slideshow, even on randomized items. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Scan for files across directories, this allows you to add your collection of files very easily. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Views all major types of files: JPEG, GIF, PNG, TIF, BMP and many others. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Enlarge or shrink your images to fit the screen size. This is done in a very friendly way, by first doing a quick resize and then using a background process to enhance the picture using Lazcos filtering. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Check for duplicates in the file list. This duplicate checker is one of the fastest around, and can be started in the background while working with the program. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Delete files safely and efficiently. Or move the files to an archive folder or a ZIP file. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Load and save your catalog files. Loading a catalog is usually much faster than actually scanning the files using explorer. The items are stored very efficiently using compression. No database is used, but an internal proprietary memory-efficient structure. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Drag/drop support to and from explorer. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Shell-notify (whenever changes occur in a folder these changes are updated automatically when ABC-View runs)
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Losless rotation, flipping and cropping of JPEG files by using lowlevel operations on the JPEG's structure. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Email the selected files directly from the application. Auto-shrink the images before sending. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Filter the items you want to see, filter by file type, file size, file date and many other criteria. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}"Build-a-Web" now functional!
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Delete files safely. Each time you are about to delete files, ABC-View Manager will prompt you with a dialog that contains information about your set of selected files. You can opt to put the files in the recycle bin (default) or into a ZIP archive or folder, or to delete the files without backup option.
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs16 
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b Future enhancements (planned for release 1.4):
\par \pard\li180\fi-180{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent180{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs16 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Slide show with transitional effects. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Internal drag/drop support
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Truncated files filter
\par \pard\li200\fi-200{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent200{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs16 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Enhancement of the duplicates filter to also find close duplicates, based on thumbnail comparison. 
\par \pard\li180\fi-180{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent180{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs16 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Editing of EXIF information
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Import EXIF information into user fields
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs16 
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b Future enhancements (planned for release 2):
\par \pard\li200\fi-200{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent200{\pntxtb\'b7}}\plain\f2\fs16 {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Catagorize your files into series and groups. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Add overlay text, creation groups/series thumbnail pages to "Build-a-Web"
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}TWAIN support to get images directly from either scanner or digital camera. 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}HTTP support to get images directly from HTTP sites (scan the site and download files directly). 
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Scripting
\par {\pntext\f1\'b7\tab}Multiple language support
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs16 
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b Your ideas!!
\par \plain\f2\fs16 Any of your ideas are valued immensely so that ABC-View Manager will become better and better. Please send us these ideas. If your feedback is leading to new ideas being implemented you will get a free version for future testing.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs16\b Disclaimer:
\par \pard\ri352\plain\f4\fs16 Use this software \plain\f4\fs16\ul at your own risk\plain\f4\fs16 ! The author(s) of this application can by no means be held responsable for any damage caused by the direct or indirect use of this application. 
\par \pard\plain\f2\fs16 
\par 
\par ABC-View
\par Nils Haeck M.Sc.
\par 
\par email: support@abc-view.com
\par }
 